# SceneThree

Flashing lights and alarms, that sounded similar to naval ships from Earth departing on their sea voyage, interrupted Luril's drooling session. He pushed from the observation terminal, there wasn’t a lot of excitement monitoring a species equivalent to an ant colony, such as the humans. He didn’t know there was a light or even what the alarm regards to.. What he did know and would be leaving out of his report, was one moment his monitor was a deep solemn black with occasional puddles of drool, and now littered with fragments of metal each with enough heat, to atomize a chicken egg. His detail was monitoring observations on the Earth’s human colonies. So he forwarded this event to people with authority and more leisure minutes. Now that he forwarded his report he was thinking of having some eggs. He had skipped communal, this morning and Ureda prepared the best chicken eggs. He learned through observing the humans that they had chickens as well. However, unlike Earth, chicken was a rarity on Luril's home-world Grus. Aboard the space station it was a luxury only afforded to the priviledge or the crew. The crew still had to put up some Leisure Minutes for a quality piece. Unlike Earth's, Grus' chicken is tyrannical and free, and could easily feed one for several Leisure Days, the price goes toward expedition cost and time required to capture. How earthlings breed them is still beyond us. Must be a primitive mindset to look past the danger of breeding such wild beasts.
