# SceneFive

"Shika you are alone, in space there's no other survivors." said the voice. "How can you be sure?" Shika asked, as she continued to peek out of this round window. "Just as, I am sure that you're alive." "I was built to be part of a Neural Network. That links all crew members subconsciously to each other.” said the voice. “So you’re in me?” Shika asked. “Yes I am, attached to the part of your brain that controls your subconscious thought.” the voice explained. “Of course concerns of individuality and herd mentality, even hive mind, were brought to attention. The Oversight committee adjusted the project, to append that each mind would act independently. Each Bioengineered AI, would relay messages or biometrics through an artificial Quantum Entanglement. The entanglement would be activated in extenuating circumstances only." The voice stated. “So you’re a chip in my brain that talks to other chips, in other brains instantaneously?” Shika asked. “Yes and no, I am an AI built into the chip, I am or was supposed to be part of a Neural Network Matrix, that used an artificial quantum entanglement to communicate to each individual chip.” The voice explained. “Supposed to be?” Shika asked, knowing she didn’t want the answer. “Everyone is dead. Shika, you’re all that remains of the crew.” “Captain Runok activated the project, and sent the first and last message to you, to give you, if not a moment heads up.” “He was gone before the instantaneous transmission was sent, his very last thought was to save you.” the voice said. “Can I call you, Pam?” Shika asked as she wiped tears from her tired eyes. “Yes, you may Shika.” Pam said. “Pam is an appropriate name, no errors required.” Pam retorted. “Wait, when I called you Bitch you denied that yourself?” Shika asked, feeling shame she started discriminating the only person or thing that she had left. “Yes, but I did not take it personally. However if I was just software the name would have been denied due to illegal characters.” Pam said. “Shika, may I ask, why the name Pam, is it because I am now your Personal AI Matrix?” Pam asked knowing that wasn’t the reason. “No, that is my mom’s name, or was she passed when I was 7 from cancer in her brain.” Shika said. “Oh I’m sorry, but I'm glad you didn’t name me Tumor.” Pam said. Shika choked and chuckled a bit, then she returned to drying her eyes.
