# SceneTwo

“Let’s go…” Shika slurred. “Crew-member Shika, put your suit on before launch.” the voice alerting her to this safeguard faded in the background. The force of the pod ejecting threw Shika against the pod's already sealed door. “Ugh, what happened?” “Crew Member, Shika.” the voice responded. “Just, Shika.” Shika said. “Very well, Shika.” said the voice. “To answer your question. You escaped the invasion.” replied the now familiar voice. “I figured that, you know, being alive and all.” replied Shika. “No, I don’t know” stated the voice. “Oh..” Shika answered. “You knocked yourself out cold due to ignoring safety procedures, not suiting up and securing yourself, before launching the pod.” the voice continued. “Hey!,” Shika said, more alert and aware now that she was out of immediate danger. “Hi?” the voice replied. “Oh.. ya, hi.” Shika said, slightly annoyed that this voice cut her off. “I meant. What is your name?” Shika asked.  “This voice belongs to the International Human Space Colonials; A International Navy Funded Space Exploration Program. “ stated the voice. “No, what do I call you.” Shika said. “I do not understand the question, Shika.” replied the voice. “What is your name; like title? If I am addressing you, how do I get your attention when I need you?” Shika exclaimed. “I monitor your heart rate and biometric signals, when you need my assistance, Shika, You just simply have to ask.” the voice answered. “That is not going to work, if I’m stuck with you then you need to have a name.''Shika said. “What do you suggest, my “name” should be.” the voice asked. “Bitch.” Shika jokes. “Error!” the voice, shot out. “Alert, Error code: 99-01. “Bitch” Unknown.”
