# SceneOne

“Shika Run!” Captain Runok yelled, his eyes were still. A mass of creatures flooded the entire crew deck within seconds. Shadows were all Shika saw, consuming each of her crew members, engulfing them within a fraction of a heart beat. Shika stumbled back, tripping over dead colleagues,“Where do I go..” Captain’s eyes were still. “Shit! Captain Runok you A bastard. Couldn’t give me a heads up before you kicked it.” The ship's alarms blaring compartment emergency protocols. “Should have read that handbook, Captain gave out last week; Navy Contact Protocols: Hostile Encounters.” Maddening the thought was that this handbook did little to prepare the crewmates and they absorbed every bit of it. “Would escape pods be in the cargo bay or near the cockpit?” Shika thought out loud.  “Neither.” answered a distinct voice. “Oh good, I’m losing it now.” “Just what I need, lose my shit while trying not to trip over my friends.. deceased co-workers… They never liked me much.” Before Shika could continue her self realization of being isolated on a ship spiraling outta FTL, with no clue where the pods were, or how to even operate one if she found them. “Right, turn right, Crew-Member Shika.” said the same voice. “Also you lost your shit as you say. Way before this catastrophic failure of alien contact.” the voice retorted.  “Hey! I’m sure Captain Runok and the rest of the crew handled the encounter perfectly to code.” Shika said. “They did, indeed.” answered the voice. “Well then? How’s they being hostile, a failure on our part?” Shika demanded. “The failure is not the situation, it’s Crew-Member Shika. It's a catastrophe of all the crew I have been activated, in one who is but a blind squirrel looking for its nuts.” shot the voice. Shika stopped, “It’s just one nut.” “The reference is that even a blind squirrel will find a nut eventually.” Shika reiterated. “Not if the squirrel gets consumed. Move Crew-Member Shika, the pod is down the corridor first one on the left. Press the Yellow button labeled Initiate. When inside, press the green button labeled \`\`Launch!” The escape pod doors closed, Shika punched the green button.
